1.Explain the various types of Joins?
2. Explain Equi join?
3. Explain the Right Outer Join?
4. How do you alter the name of a column?
5. how can you build a stored procedure?
6. Distinguish between MongoDB and MySQL?
7. Compare the 'Having' and 'Where' clauses in detail?
8. What are the differences between COALESCE() and ISNULL()?
9. What is the difference between “Stored Procedure” and “Function”?
10. What is the difference between the “DELETE” and “TRUNCATE” commands?
11. What is difference between “Clustered Index” and “Non Clustered Index”?
12. What is the difference between “Primary Key” and “Unique Key”?
13. What is the difference between a “Local Temporary Table” and “Global Temporary Table”?
14. What is the difference between primary key and unique constraints?
15. What are the differences between DDL, DML and DCL in SQL?
16. What is a view in SQL? How to create view?
17. What is a Trigger?
18. What is the difference between Trigger and Stored Procedure?
19. What are indexes?
20. What are Primary Keys and Foreign Keys?
21. What are wildcards used in database for Pattern Matching?
22. What is Union, minus and Interact commands?
23. What is RDBMS?
24. What is OLTP?
25. What is Aggregate Functions?
26. What is the difference between UNION and UNION ALL?
27. What is a foreign key, and what is it used for?

Scenario Based Questions--
❗ SQL Query to find second highest salary of Employee?
❗ SQL Query to find Max Salary from each department?
❗ Write SQL Query to display current date?
❗ Write an SQL Query to check whether date passed to Query is date of given format or not?
❗ Write a SQL Query to print the name of distinct employee whose DOB is between 01/01/1960 to 31/12/1975?
❗ Write an SQL Query to find employee whose Salary is equal or greater than 10000?
❗ Write an SQL Query to find name of employee whose name Start with ‘M’?
❗ Find the 3rd MAX salary in the emp table?
❗ Suppose there is annual salary information provided by emp table.
❗How to fetch monthly salary of each and every employee?
❗Display the list of employees who have joined the company before 30th June 90 or after 31st dec 90?

SQL Order of Execution:
1. FROM
2. JOINS/ON
3. WHERE
4. GROUP BY
5. HAVING
6. WINDOW
7. SELECT
8. DISTINCT
9. ORDER BY
10. LIMIT




ANKIT BANSAL ZERO TO HERO:

1. Why SQL Database is required to store data and what are the advantages of using SQL over legacy Excel spreadsheets?
--Because databases store information more efficiently, databases can handle volumes of information that would be unmanageable in a spreadsheet. Spreadsheets have record limitations whereas databases do not. Compared to databases, spreadsheets can require a large amount of hard-drive space for data storage.
2. Basic concepts of SQL i.e. What is Schema, Database, Table, Row or Record, Attribute or Column, Data Types etc.
3. How to create a Database and Table in MS-SQL Server (SSMS)?
4. How to insert values into a Table?
5. How to query records from a Table (all columns, single column and multiple columns)?
6. Sequence of basic SQL querying in the Background i.e. FROM --> SELECT columns etc.
7. How to limit the columns and the number of records queried from a Table?
8. How to include comments (single line and multi-line) in a SQL script?
9. How to sort the records (either in ascending or descending order) on single or multiple columns queried from a Table?
10. What are the types of SQL commands ? DDL, DML, DQL etc.
11. Difference between DROP and DELETE commands?
12. How to import an excel data set into SSMS via Import Wizard of the UI interface?
13. How to create Tables using the UI interface? 
14. How to create New Schemas using the UI interface?








